

distributed computing :

1)serial computing:
sequential execution of tasks and processes.
image a 

2) concurrent  computing :
when something is executed simultaneously or nearly started at the same time. 
image c

3)an examaple of distributed computing is
lets take a problem xyz
x  
y 
z
and make it execute concurrently and after all the sub prolems have been solved 
we gather the solutions and form the end result.
these x,y,z may or maynot have shared access.
	
	i)when shared access comes to scene, it means that we may have crictical section problem.
	  there are algorithms available  to handle crictical section thing. 
      
image b
    
4) Distributed computing comes in mind when we here terms like
	Massive Data( big data)
    Real-Time Analytics
    Large scale computations.
    Block chain and so on
    
----------------------
Threads and processes Hands on example:

threads :
	1) single thread python example
    2) multi thread python example

    
process :
	1) similar to threads
    2) controversial thing is that
    	factorial example:
          i) when memory acess time is more than processing time 
          parallel processing is not suitable.
          ii) when memory access time less than processing time ,
          distributed computing architecture should be used.
	
A hands on distributed computing example :
	groupchat  application to implement Distributed computing : 
   


List of Important terms that rely on distributed computing architecture:
COMPUTON :
		A computon is a combined unit of computing power,
        including processor cycles, memory, disk storage and bandwidth. 
        The term was proposed in 2005 by researchers at Hewlett Packard, 
        with the word being a cross between "computation" and "photon",
        the name for a packet of electromagnetic energy.
        HP hopes that the computon will become the computing industry's equivalent to public utility's watt-hour.


















Advantages :
	Resource sharing -sharing of hardware and software resources
    openness -Flexibility of using hardware and software vendors.
    concurrency - concurrent processsing to enhance performance.
    scalability - Increased throughput by adding new resources.
    Fault tolerance - the ablility to continue in operation after a fault has occured.
    
Disadvantages : 
	Complexity - They are more comlex than centralised systems.
    Security - More suectible to external attack.
    
    Manegebility - More effort required for system management.
    
    Unpredictability - Unpredictability responses depending on the system organization and network load.
    
    
    
    
























